Proposal: 
An app where users can upload their used devices and electronics repair logs. 
Users can input information on the device’s history like previous repairs and past damages.
App allows seller to be more transparent to buyers to create a bigger trust between parties. 
App creates incentive for others to sell their used devices which leads to less waste.

Risk analysis:
According to this latest publication from Meticulous Research®, the e-waste management market 
is expected to grow at a CAGR of 1.8% during 2019-2025 to reach $45.78 billion by 2025.

Pros: There is no app on the market for consumers to check the history of used devices or
parts/kits for consumers to fix the problem with the devices that they buy or own prior. 
Sellers can be contacted but we don’t do any shipping and handling. You can basically 
authenticate the history of a refurbished device. Sellers can link our application to 
their Ebay,Cagslist, or Amazon.Post and profiles can only be made by the Repair Centers.
A profile of the history of the  repaired devices would be made for consumers to look at 
when they are potentially looking to buy the device. It can help different repair centers
keep up with the history of different devices 

Cons: We don’t handle shipping and handling for products.We don’t evaluate the value of 
refushied devices.Only repair centers can ACCURATElY update the history of devices.
Competitors : We don’t have any competitor who provide the same type of services for 
refushied devices other than the Tech companies to sell their own refurbished devices.
A competitor could be Ebay, StockX, Amazon with their certified refrushied programs but 
they don’t provide anything to the of what we’re providing.   

Why? : It can help directly curve e-waste from consumers and also help people buying 
second hand items with picking a non faulty device.It can help with the transpansity
of right to repair issues.

What? : We are building an app for our platform where our users can list items and
update their history for customers to see when the item goes on sale on a website like
Ebay,Cagslist, or Amazon.

Who? :Our serviced is tailored for only repair centers to uses to keep track on a 
device’s history.People buy a refurbished item can check it’s history if it was 
registered through our service. 

How? : Whena  phone is being repaired at a repair center, the center can set a up 
a profile and register the phone based on a series of information( like a serial 
number, model number, and the serial number of the part being replaced).  This 
form can be updated everything the phone is registered at a new shop or if the 
same shop adds on to the repair history. So when a consumer wants to sell their
devices they can link their device’s history from our service to the platform 
they’re selling the device on.

